Idealism and Materialism
	Hello, everyone. I’m happy to be a speaker today to share something with you. The topic suddenly came to me few days ago is Idealism and Materialism. Have you ever thought about which one is correct?  Almost people are faith in materialism, but I also believe idealism is reasonable. So far, I’m confused with this question.
  	What is Idealism. Everything in the world is spiritual. Before your conscious formed, world doesn’t exist. After your conscious disappeared, world doesn’t exist. Of cause, this is an extremely case. In other word. I think this desk is not a desk. It’s a banana.  You maybe think I’m crazy, and you want to ask me to eat this banana. I will show you when I become a monster. Maybe it’s really a banana in monster eyes. I don’t think that an opinion most people support it is absolutely right. What’s wired is it’s seems like you have no evidence convinced me as long as my thought doesn’t agree with it. Everyone has their own conscious, the things right or wrong and what is this all depending your conscious. One more situation, when you browse WEIBO, keyboard man published the comments using their own conscious. The world is different in their eyes compares to yours. Their thoughts may be harm to human. you think that’s a wrong comment. But why people live generation after generation? This is another interesting problem. Based on this problem, I think the right or wrong also comes from human thoughts.  I’m not a revenger on society, this just an assume. 
	What is materialism. Everything is there, no matter you die or alive. The sun will rise as usual. And Your conscious also a substance. Thoughts are countless, whatever you have it or not, it exists.
Especially the brain wave is certainly a substance and can be detected. And photo is a record to prove human is the creator of history and everything still in the world although you die. It seems like more reasonable than idealism. But on the other hand, it’s seems like all these things are based on your conscious. 
Until now, I also think both of idealism and materialism is reasonable. And I want to recommend some wonderful movies to you. First is inception, I almost suspect whether I live in the real world after I watched it. which gives me the same feeling is The Matrix. the logistic of this movie is hard to understand. You may have heard of these two movies. But last one is best. The movie name is Interstellar. It’s also include more unexpected exciting content. These movies maybe make you become more puzzled and shake your three views.
This question is a difficult philosophy problem, my own view is very one-sided and shallow. And I want to listen your opinion. Thank you. 


